Hey. Yoshiki!
Watch. I'm gonna gobble it up
like they do in the comics.
Hey. boys.
Ew. gross!
Oops. I swallowed a seed.
One time. my daddy's friend ate a seed
and turned into
a fully striped watermelon man.
What happened after that?
He died.
I just swallowed one too.
-What'cha cryin' for?
-Help us…
-Gotta keep eatin'…
-You'll be fine.
THE SUMMER HIKARU DIED
EPISODE THREE: DENIAL
RIE KUREBAYASHI
SEND A MESSAGE
Good afternoon. Is Hikaru here?
Great to see ya. Yoshiki.
I brought this.
That's a hefty watermelon. Thanks. dear.
Ow!
You just gonna stare forever
without waking me up?
Lookin' like the main character
from that old video game.
You little coward.
Phew. I win.
Did ya bring us something?
A watermelon we got from some relatives.
Watermelon? No way. my favorite!
Nobody in the world
can eat watermelon like I do!
I know.
Should I gobble it up comic book-style?
I can shoot the seeds from my mouth.
I know that too.
Yum.
You remember what watermelons taste like?
Yeah. I've eaten 'em.
like. ten times already.
And I can eat 'em even faster now.
-Behold!
-Ew. gross.
But also kinda awesome.
Oops. Swallowed a seed.
Now I'll turn into a watermelon man.
Nothin' to do. huh? Wanna play some Smash?
Nah. I'll pass. I'm not in the mood.
No? Okay. whatever.
Hey. Satoko? Is now a good time?
Yoshiki just brought us a watermelon.
I'm gonna gobble it up
like they do in the comics.
I swallowed a seed.
I'm gonna turn into a watermelon man.
I can't keep doin' this alone.
Acting like everything's normal…
Ya know what?
This is fun for me.
just hangin' out with you.
Thanks for the watermelon too.
Where'd that come from?
I can't lie to you.
I dunno. Guess I just wanted
to make sure you knew how I felt.
That's exactly what I should've done.
He just fell asleep again.
snoring up a storm.
Eyes rolled back. too.
It was right around that time.
When Hikaru's daddy died.
I guess it's been a while now.
Hikaru's daddy
went to that mountain one day.
The one nobody's allowed to climb.
Around the same time of the year
that Hikaru went to the mountain.
Why's he makin' that face? What a goof.
In this village.
Hikaru was the only kid my age.
So Hikaru and I
spent our whole lives together.
The Hikaru in those pictures is gone now.
You're already dead!
I can't keep doin' this…
The Hikaru in those pictures…
Why am I goin' along with this?!
RIE KUREBAYASHI
SEND A MESSAGE
Can ya eat the rind of a watermelon…
HEY
Could you come here. Yoshiki?
Oh. sure.
Give this to Satoko
as a thank-you for the watermelon.
Okay. I appreciate it.
We ate a ton already. so take this.
Thanks.
RIE KUREBAYASHI
ARE YOU READY TO TALK?
Kurebayashi?
Who's that?
SORRY!!
I'LL BE THERE IN 5 MINUTES
Oh. there ya are!
It's a scorcher. ain't it?
DANCE TEAM FOR LIFE
Wanna eat inside?
How about Diner America?
Yeah. okay.
CASUAL DINER AMERICA
Welcome!
Oh. goody. goody. goody!
They got a new giant parfait.
Order whatever ya like. Got a sweet tooth?
Well…
Okay.
Can you tell me what happened?
I see. Your best friend. huh?
Thanks for tellin' me.
You tried real hard. huh?
How? What makes you say that?
You shouldn't be lookin'
to punish yourself.
Get your head on straight.
Gettin' punished by someone is just a way
to make things easier on yourself.
It makes no difference to the dead.
But both of us… We need to face the truth.
We're desperately clinging
to those loved ones we lost.
"Both of us"?
Sorry for bringin' all this up. though!
Didn't mean to get all gloomy.
But if you two are mixin'…
Well. you must be close.
I'd assumed it was a girl--
May I take your order?
Two of these new giant parfaits.
Let's cut to the chase.
Have you noticed eerie things
happenin' across the town and villages?
Some kinda distortion's
creeped into these parts.
Strange incidents. impurities…
This is all foreign to you. ain't it?
Basically. we're gettin' visitors
who shouldn't be here.
The town and villages
are slowly goin' mad.
Here's what I think.
It's causing all this.
The thing that replaced your friend.
I dunno how to describe it.
Like a huge mass of something.
Something straight outta hell.
But the moment I noticed
its presence disappear from the mountain.
that distortion spread like wildfire.
Maybe it needs to be in the mountain
to prevent the distortion from spreadin'.
Have a nice day.
Remember the woman
in Kubitachi Village who died?
That had to have been connected too.
To be honest. I'm scared silly.
I wanna get the heck outta this town.
But my mother-in-law
and daughter are here.
My oldest son
already left a while ago. though.
So… Just now. you said "both of us"…
Ages ago. my late husband
suddenly came home one day.
But it didn't go well.
He ended up giving my son
a wound that would never heal.
I would've given anything
to have him in my life again.
You already know it. don't ya?
That you can't stay together like this.
What am I supposed to do. though?
Sorry. hun.
I don't want you to end up like me.
I thought you ought to know the truth
so you can move on from this.
Sorry for the wait!
Here's your America Mega-Deluxe
Mountain President Parfait.
THE SUMMER HIKARU DIED
KIBOGAYAMA HIGH SCHOOL
It's raining? I forgot my umbrella…
One. two.
Hey. Hikaru.
What's up?
Know where Yoshiki is?
Nope. haven't seen him.
Huh?
You're still here?
I forgot something.
Hikaru's lookin' for ya.
If you see him.
tell him to go home without me.
I don't wanna kill you.
That means he could kill me if he wanted.
Nonuki-sama.
Something locked away on that mountain.
Ms. Matsuura's mysterious death.
A distortion in the village.
Hikaru… What the hell are you?
Move on from this. Move on from this.
Move on from this. Move on from this…
Move on from this!
Finally found ya.
C'mon. let's go home.
Head home without me today.
Huh? You in a mood today?
Yeah.
He ain't laughin' at my funny face!
Seriously. what's the matter?
You don't look so good.
Get outta my face.
Leave me alone. I mean it.
Whoa. ouch.
You bein' serious?
Is it my fault?
Is what?
I mean. you're clearly in a bad mood.
What is it? Are you pissed off at me?
I ain't pissed off.
You're definitely pissed off.
What's your deal lately?
You hiding something from me?
Huh? What's with the interrogation?
Go away. creep.
Okay. what were you doin'
in town last weekend?
And why were you secretly
messaging some stranger?
How do you…
Why should I have to tell you anyway?
You used to tell me everything!
Used to!
You say that like it was you before.
That's what this is about?
You're mad because…
I ain't the real Hikaru?
So. am I not good enough for you?
Hey…
That should be obvious.
You…
Your voice. your face.
even the way you talk is just like Hikaru.
But you're not Hikaru!
Sorry. You're right.
It's true. Can't argue with ya.
Ow…
But I need you. Yoshiki.
Can't function without you.
Get outta here.
'Cause you're…
Really. I don't need you anymore.
…my first…
You're nothing but a fake.
You're a fake. You're a fake…
You're a fake!
Don't know anymore.
I don't know
which emotions are mine anymore!
You can't.
You can't stay together like this.
Wouldn't matter even if I did.
I can't stop myself from liking you!
Gross. This is nasty.
This feels so nasty.
This feels…
This feels good?
Feels good…
What's it doing?
It's comin' inside of me.
Hikaru? Nah. it's not him.
What are you holding?
Hikaru?
What the hell am I doing?
I can't. Not you.
Sorry.
Don't hate me.
That thing is Hikaru's replacement.
I'm pathetic
for tryin' to ignore it this whole time.
That thing could never
really replace Hikaru.
So I can't keep treating it
like the real Hikaru either.
That's why I said what I said…
-Bye!
-See you later.
Hey. did something happen
between you and Hikaru?
It's weird for Hikaru to miss school.
And the air around you
is all doom and gloom.
Did you two have a fight yesterday?
I dunno what happened.
but just make amends already.
I feel like Hikaru's been
obsessed with you lately.
Don't be mean to him.
Huh?
Seriously. though. I feel like
Hikaru's clinging to you a lot lately.
Like a little brat
clinging to his mama. huh?
Better watch that mouth. girl.
Quit watchin' them gangster movies.
-I'll smack the snot outta you!
-Like a kid…
Yoshiki. Yoshiki?
Yoshiki. Yoshiki!
Don't hate me.
I'm gonna…
I'm gonna head out.
See ya tomorrow.
Hikaru. are ya here?
Sorry about yesterday.
Why're you apologizing?
I'm the one who should be sorry.
After what I did to you…
I ain't mad anymore.
See? You totally flinched.
You're afraid of me now.
I ain't afraid of you.
Yeah. you are.
Especially after seein' me like that.
Grossed ya out. didn't I?
So friggin' embarrassing.
Oh. that?
That's not what I…
Sorry. Do you hate me now?
Listen to me. Yoshiki.
I just wanna be with you.
That's all I need.
I don't care who else you hang out with.
Just don't hate me!
I ain't gonna do that again!
I know I'm just an intruder
usin' your friend's body.
Sorry for takin' liberties with it.
This ain't good.
I shouldn't be gettin' so close.
It's dangerous.
But still…
You're more of a brat
than Hikaru ever was.
You ain't mad?
Nah.
You're just a lonely little brat.
aren't ya?
Lonely?
What I'm feelin' right now is "lonely"?
Dunno.
Maybe this Hikaru
just doesn't know anything.
If he's really that naive.
I gotta…
I gotta teach him a few things.
Subtitle translation by: Logan Lampkins